[Marketplace Contribution] - EXPANDR - 7685 - Azure Enrichment Playbook Update (Azure Resource Graph) (#35383)
demisto/content: Packs/Azure-Enrichment-Remediation/README.md

##### What does this pack do?

> The pack is intended to contain Azure playbooks and scripts that conduct enrichment and/or remediation and can use multiple other Azure 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pack contains Azure playbooks and scripts that conduct enrichment and/or remediation and can use multiple other Azure 
```

content packs.

There are multiple Azure content packs for multiple Azure products (Compute, MSGraphUsers, etc).  The intent was so that 
users can install and use only the packs they need.  However, if an Azure playbook uses multiple pack integrations (such 
as Compute and MSGraphUsers), they can't reside in one of the current packs because they include content from multiple integrations.  This pack was created as a place to put Azure playbooks that use Azure integrations from multiple packs with a focus on enrichment and remediation.

### Scripts

#### AzureFindAvailableNSGPriorities

> This script takes in a list of numbers that represent Azure priorities for NSG rules, a target priority number, and a number available priorities to return available priorities from the provided list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script takes in a list of numbers that represent Azure priorities for NSG rules, a target priority number, and a number of available priorities to return available priorities from the provided list.
```
